# BC3162 Module 1 - Generative Art
## Project Overview
The goal of this project is to create a generative art installation using an ESP32. In order to do so, each student in the class used the Arduino IDE to write a program to visualize text on the ESP32. Originally, the plan was to wrap each student's ESP32 in a paper envelope, power them with a battery, and display them together as an installation. However, we faced technical difficulties with the batteries, and thus modified the installation to display the ESP32's together on a hardwired board. 
## Creative Vision
I chose to display text from Robert Frost's poem "The Road Not Taken" on a loop on my ESP32. My vision for this project was to show the intersection between different forms of creative expression, as I displayed poetry (written creative expression) using computer hardware and software (technical creative expression). Additionally, as this is my first project in this course, I chose this poem because the message it sends to think outside the box and try new things resonated with me, as I want to keep that in mind as I go through this course and continue to explore technical art. 
## Technical Information
In order to create this project, I used the Arduino IDE to write software to display text on a loop on the ESP32. During the installation, we displayed the ESP32's on a homemade, hardwired board with 15 USB-C connectors. The board was powered using a programmable DC power supply, which was set to 5 Volts and 0.97 Amps. 
